Legend says, eons ago, during a time before records, when the species of man was still in its infancy, a mysterious portal opened to this realm within the forest. Curious about this portal, two of the elite centaurs cautiously approach this freestanding gateway leading to another dimension. While inspecting its cloudy surface, magic attacks blast out of the portal, killing the two centaurs. The remaining elite centaurs immediately rushed in, attacking with their powerful Sylvan war bows. Suddenly, as the centaurs move in, another portal opens behind them. Then a third. Then a fourth. The centaurs were surrounded by these portals, magical attacks bursting forth from each one. It didn't take too long for the Sylvan guard to be utterly destroyed. The portals closed almost immediately. Then, in an instant, one giant portal appeared and outsteps the first of these terrifyingly magical creatures. At first glance, the Sylvans thought it to be human, but upon further inspection, its ears were far too pointed, its face too slender, and its body too elegant. Others soon followed through the portal until there were around twenty of these figures. After the last one stepped through, the first one, who was also the most elegantly dressed and decorated, started to speak, with a very elegant, and feminine, yet a powerful and commanding voice.  
"You have borne witness to the power and might of the Elves." She paused to peer around the forest, "Do you submit?"
   

Callobre Forest has been long inhabited by sylvan creatures.