From an early age it was clear that Jidi Grayspire was full of potential. The eighth son of a small noble house in Fairfield, he grew up pampered with all the luxury being a noble at court could provide. He knew he would never inherit his father's title and so committed himself to apprenticing to the court Druid Thelamin Wildbirth of Fairfield. He proved to be adept at spellcraft but struggled when it came to fully embracing the wild aspects of Druidic magic as he still had a taste for the finer things in life and had trouble letting go. This being the case his magics tended to focus more on more martial aspects and he could regularly be seen practicing his blade work with his older siblings. When he's not spending time in the capital, he is whisked away to his master's grotto in a pocket dimension that resembles a forest during a warm spring morning. The living areas are grown into the trees by magic and wild animals wander in and out of the area as they please. One animal in particular, a Jaguar, took a specific interest in Jidi and likes to come spend time with him when he has some down time. They form a special bond and Jidi names him Bast. The world seems idyllic for Jidi in so many ways but the undercurrent of the 500 year moratorium on human slaves coming up has everyone on edge and he can't help but feel the fear and uncertainty coming off everyone in waves. As he got older he quickly proved himself to be one of the more powerful members of his master's students and was regularly given tasks outside the purview of his daily routine. One such task, investigating the cause of a recent outbreak of some as of yet unknown disease in the sewers of Port Aldshore resulted in the type of adventure he could have never imagined...