Makes a visit to each Grove member except her husband who wasn't present during the time of the spell failure.  
Gorren (breakfast) -> Statue of Kairon (pay respects) -> Bakery (picks up baked goods for the village, this is the encounter the party sees when they first arrive) -> Aranor (prefecture, wants reports) -> Millie's tavern (drops off remaining baked goods to patrons and the Kinsleys) -> Cotton Residence (wants updates, except this time says it "happens tonight")

1. Gorren - 6-9am - converses with Gorren about the day, goes over notes. Has servants draw a bath
2. Kairon - 10am - visits Kairon to pay her respects to the departed. She kneels down and leaves a gold coin. Also uses the time to visit the businesses downtown and spends a sum of money at each to help support them.
3. Bakery - 1pm - this is usually the final business she visits. She buys enough sweets for the Grove members and whoever else is around while she visits each one
4. Aranor - 3-5pm Obligaory conversation about the local crime numbers and speaks to anyone that wound up in the jail. Since this doesn't happen often, she stops here to check in on any reports of the underworld that would be relevant to the proper operation of the village. If anyone is in the jails, she'll hand them a sweet and talk to them about what they did. Maybe I put someone in the jail that can help give hint, etc. Oh, what if one of he research team was arrested. Maybe Mole? That would work better than finding him in a random house. Maybe he was captured while the citizens were still "alive" and now that they are fully undead, they can't open the door back up. Or even better, Aranor has the keys, but Mole knows how to stay quiet enough to avoid detection. Well, if that were true, the party would have a harder time finding him. Maybe he makes a noise or falls over something.
5. Millie - 5-7pm - the tavern keeper - the Mistress visits the tavern to hear the gossip of the village. Who's doing what, anything to be aware of, etc. Should probably come up with conversations that they would have. If the party hangs out at the tavern all day, the Mistress will meet up with them and talk to them about things.
6. Cotton - 8pm - the Mistress doesn't walk straight to the Cotton's residence. She will walk a very round about circle to lose any possible tails. Following her through the village to the Cotton residence should be very difficult and require a high DC stealth and tracking rolls. She has chosen the specific route she takes to identify and lose anyone following her. When arrives, she greets Mr Cotton with any sweets that remain. Mr Cotton begins to voice his dissatifaction and concerns but is quickly hushed by the Mistress, "You know we shouldn't talk about this outside" and is then invited in. Mr Cotton steps out of the house to let her in, then obligatorily looks around one last time to identify anyone that may have followed. Since he is merely going through the motions, he likely won't see the party. Have any present party member roll one more stealth and as long as they don't roll a 1, they're good. If they do roll a 1, a blue flash streaks towards them and when they look back, Mr Cotton and the Mistress are both gone and can't be found this day and they must wait until the following day to hear their conversation.
    
    1. Rogues and stealth built characters should have advantage on these checks