Ok an Idea for massive creatures such as colossi. Instead of attacking like normal, a colossal or larger creature ==takes one turn to wind up its massive attack, marks a location and then on the next turn the strike lands. The area is huge,== kind of like a delayed fireball but can be avoided with a sprint . This is because the attack sends out a shockwave. What're your thoughts on unique actions such as this one, i know it basically negative action economy but i think it would be fun to through this at low level groups so its more like a puzzle then a fight.  
￼Tommy Young I've had ideas about this as well, I think it would be really fun. You could also sprinkle in little effects, like ==coming into melee directly in front of it on the ground makes it try to stomp you, causing the ground within the area to crack and crumble and become difficult terrain.== Makes it harder for them to move from subsequent attacks and can add to the strategy/puzzle mechanics of the fight. "Use range, or attack from the rear and keep moving." With this specific mechanic, you can also have it ==not be able to turn suddenly.== Have it ==rotate only a certain amount per turn== to let the party stay in position.  
The other thing to note like you mentioned is making it for a lower level party, and with this kind of monster it's presumably going to be fatal for those low levels. So instead of rolling damage (that could and presumably would outright kill them) just say if you're hit, you're immediately unconscious, and another hit will kill you. Now the party has to either intentionally trigger an attack that creates difficult terrain as a distraction while another member saves the unconscious one, or risk that one dying from the AoE. If you pull it off well, it could be a great, super memorable encounter for the party. Just remember to give it a ton of health and/or resistance to non magical slashing, piercing, and bludgeoning damage so it lasts.  
￼Nick Harrington I love the difficult terrain idea and the slow turning is good too. I also used to have the shockwave mechanic from it push players semi out of danger when they are knocked unconscious, 60ft. A direct hit would flatten a player though that's why there's a wind up, dont stand still.  
￼Chris Douglass This is great. Give ==each limb separated HP and when it hits zero the limb becomes crippled.== Allowing it to be killed eventually. Vs chipping at a huge HP pool and having an enemy who could accidentally pk.  
Hide or report this  
￼Christian Swensen This meshes well with another idea I had about these massive creatures: instead of representing it as a single object, represent it as ==multiple separate targets==.  
==For instance, each of it's legs may count as a huge creature on its own, it's body might be even bigger. Maybe its head is only large.==  
Another idea I had, to represent the effect of size, is a simple ==damage threshold==. Like say, any damage rolled up that totals less than 20 is negated. Over 20 takes full effect.  
￼Larry Green I actually did exactly this with the implicit threat that a direct hit was assuredly death due to the damage values. They had to use ranged attack which I forced them to target areas of its body until they found a weak point then had to break through the hull, use ==climb checks and the like to get up to the breach and get inside==. From there they were able to detach the "pilot" that was magically bound to it and the whole thing came crumbling down.  
It was a surprise encounter as a phase two of sorts for an arc villain and really shook up the usual "I attack. My turn is done" that can stagnate. Highly recommend.  
￼Scott Harris Sure, AoE with a Dex Save.  
￼Tem Rodriguez Sort of like the video game. Where you had to climb it mid-fight to disable it area by area... It could be a cool mechanic where each turn it is destroying the battlements like a living siege engine. The characters are racing to save their homes from it.  
￼Jake Nicholson If you wanted to add a bit of threat, ==don’t let players know exactly where the colossal creature is going to hit==, maybe give them a rough idea but have them make a ==perception check to get a better idea==, then the pc can warn others in the threat range, it would make classes that allow other characters to move as reactions incredibly valuable in that fight