**If there is time, come up with some journal entries to share with the group outlining the some of the backstory and progress leading up to the spell failure.**
 
Sidebar:  
Why is Mr Cotton being hunted?  
What do his journals say?
 
Henry is a sorcerer being hunted by the Sovereign Concordat and Eleanor, his wife, is a simulacrum made by Heward when he worked with Arathorn to create a new identity for Henry. All members of the Grove know about Henry's refugee status.
 
This is the Cotton residence where Henry and Eleanor Cotton live. Henry was conscripted (read blackmailed into) by Mistress Lackman to raise her children back from the dead. However, being the low level wizard he was, he didn't have access to any higher level spells like raise dead so he had to make due with the tools at his disposal. He may have actually succeeded if not for the unfortunate grief Mistress Lackman felt for her children. She forced him to do the work in less time than was required to research the spell safely. As time went on, she grew increasingly more impatient. When he finally completed a prototype of the lower level raise dead, he made the mistake of telling her before testing it. Her grief then caused her to force him into performing the untested ritual prematurely in the graveyard. The ritual failed which cause a bluish shock wave to explode outward extinguishing all life in the town and split their spirits into shadows and spectors and left residual hauntings throughout the town. Since the spell was designed for children, it turned all of the children in the town into Will-o-Wisps.
 
In the study can be found notes and books on the creation of Cotton's Soul Retrieval, as he named it. The party can also find journals he's written talking about how it was a mistake to take the Mistress' offer to come here knowing that she knew about his bounty. The journals outline the story above right up until he performed the ritual, "she wants me to test this tomorrow. 'It's too soon!' I told her, 'I need to test it first and make sure it's safe.' This didn't matter. She cares not for the intracacies and dangers of untested magicks. She only cares for results. I fear my lack of sleep and tonight's restlessness may impact the ritual. We'll see."
 
Linguist feat DC 16 Int check giant dwarvish draconic
 
There are small entries between what's written here, but these are the important entries
 
1. He came to town seek refuge from the Sovereign Concordat
2. She confronted him about taking refuge
3. There was a close call with the Sovereign Concordat. Mrs Lackman confronts and tells Henry he owes her a favor.
4. A plague sweeps through town. Dr did tell the other grove members
5. Many of the townsfolk, including the Lackman children, fall ill. Mrs. Lackman calls in a favor
6. Some of the townsfolk get better. The Lackman children and others get worse
7. Those who got worse inevitably perished. Mrs. Lackman blames Cotton for their death and forces him to resurrect them.
8. Mistress Lackman reveals the top floor of the estate
9. Westra blackmails Henry
10. **9** months after I started, I'm finally getting close to a solution.
11. **11** months after I started, I finally came up with a working prototype. I need to test this before I can use it.
12. I made another mistake today. I told the Mistress I had a working prototype and she wants me to use it.
13. Westra pressures Henry further
14. **This entry appears the night of the spell failure and as such will only appear if the book is found at night. This entry makes it clear that all of this took place 60 years ago.**

Day 0  
I was finally able to reach out to Dr Heward Lackman, a university professor that had hired me before for some of his experiments. We'd grown close in those times and I'd been trying to contact him for a while now. He said he'd be able to shelter me against the Sovereign Concordat for quite some time. In return, all I'd have to help him do was help him with some experiments and research from time to time. A small ask, to be honest.  
Day 20  
Heward left pretty soon after setting me up with a new identity, said he's going to an onsite research area. He's very closed off with me when it comes to his research. That's okay, it's his business, not mine. Being a student of the arcane, he's asked me to extend my help to the rest of the village while he's gone. Should someone have a question about something magical, or just needs something magical to be done, I'm the guy to talk to. Being put up to this task from someone as renowned as Dr Lackman. I find it difficult to describe the excitement coursing through my veins.￼Day 25  
So I was confronted today by Dr Lackman's wife, Mrs. Westra Lackman, on my being a refugee here. I hadn't realized that the doctor didn't tell anyone else about that. Apparently, I'm not the only one from whom he keeps his secrets. Their daughter, Silifrey, seems to have taken a liking to the weird magic man in town that isn't her father and always asks many questions about the arcane. I'm happy to help. She reminds me of my Lily, back home, who I miss terribly. Well, what I didn't realize is that she was gifted with limited telepathy. So when she called me by my real name to her mother the other day, Mrs. Lackman was indeed puzzled. I tried my best to play it off but I knew it didn't work. So today, Mrs. Lackman knocks on my door while Eleanor, my simulacrum wife Dr Lackman made, was away clenching a rolled parchment wearing an accusatory squint in her eyes. I was finally able to calm her and she left uneasy but still willing to carry out the agreement between myself and her husband.  
Day 30  
Well this has certainly been a big week and a half. The Concordat sent an agent here looking for me. Luckily my bloodline helps keep me hidden from witch hunters. It's very unnerving to stare in the face of someone hunting you. Do they know? Is today the day I am found? Turns out this was not the week I was to be found, thanks to some tricky wording from Mrs. Lackman. She kept me by her side the entire time to ensure I wasn't found. In addition to my blood, the good Dr apparently foresaw this occasion happening and put a few powerful wards in place to help shield my identity. And it worked. Really well. I'd seen others of my kind not fare so well face to face, as the best hunters can still find us with relative ease. I had assumed these were just new hunters, as I hadn't seen Dagon among their ranks. But now that I know about the wards, a lot of things makes sense. Anyways, off to sleep for me. I need my rest after this.  
Day 45  
Some of the townsfolk are starting to get sick. The innkeeper, Millie, asked me to look into the matter. When I told her I'm no healer, she responded that she knows I have magic. When pressed, it seems that she knows I am a refugee here. Apparently, she's part of a retired adventuring group known as The Grove, of whom the good Dr is also part. Her, Heward, Aranor, the jailor, Gorren, the cook at the estate, and one more after whom the statue in the cemetery was made. And they all know about my refugee status. They had been awarded this plot of land by Taoiseach Ratalan, himself for good deeds done in the name of Erolyn and Baile as a whole. No wonder Heward has such good pull around here.  
Day 50  
I was grieved to learn that Westra's children, Silifrey, Kethra, and Branlyn, fell ill with this disease a few days ago. Many more villagers fell ill as well. I've been looking into ways to rid us of this, but so far no luck. Word got here today that the Bailen Council issued a state of emergency a short time ago. Apparently, this illness is infecting much of Baile in its entirety. The council also claims that this particular plague is resistant to magical efforts. That explains why my efforts have largely been in vain. Luckily, my magic doesn't come from study nor some outside force or being, so this should give me some kind of edge. For now, I study.  
Day 56  
Some of the villagers have started getting better. I'm not entirely sure if it's because of my efforts or because of their own ability to fend off illness. Unfortunately, those that haven't gotten better, have gotten far worse. I don't know if I'm able to turn it around at this stage. This includes the Lackman children. I'm continuing to take notes , but I'm afraid I may not be able to help this much past peoples' own abilities to heal themselves.  
Day 61  
The last of the villagers that got worse perished today. Every day since my last entry a couple people died. Then the sick children, including the Lackman children. First Kethra, then Branlyn, finally Silifrey. I loved them like they were my own. Normally in my grief I'd not be writing in a journal, were it not for the fact that there is something I need written down: Westra's sanity is slipping. I know she blames me for their passing. I can see it in the way she looks at me and in the way she talks to me. I don't know where this is going, but I can already tell I'm not going to like it.  
Day 63  
Westra asked me today if there was a way to bring people back from the dead and missing the social cues as usual, I stupidly told her that it was not impossible. When she asked if I could do it, mistake number two happened and I told her I likely could figure it out but it would take some time to research as I don't have access to magicks that powerful. She asked me if it would help if I had access to some of the things her husband were working on. Excitedly, I said "absolutely." This may have been hubris talking, as the excitement from having access to the library of my idol is entirely unparalleled. But in truth, it would be very helpful. I told her to have the priest cast _gentle repose_ on the children's bodies every ten days until I can come up with something safe.  
Day 243  
It's been six months since I started my research and she's really putting the pressure on me. She's threatening to tell the Concordat, but I keep telling her that magic doesn't work that quickly. I need to overcome two important problems: firstly, I'm trying to cast magic for which the ability requirements far outweigh my capabilities. And secondly, by all reasoning, I shouldn't be able to even perform this magic since my magic comes from my infused blood rather than a deity or patron that I'd petition to do the hard work for me. I need to find a way within my abilities to cast this spell, otherwise there's a very high chance of a catastrophic spell failure.  
Day 346  
I'm finally getting close to a solution. I've studied the human body to the point where I feel comfortable knowing how all the processes function. If I can find an animal that died from this disease, I should be able to figure out how the disease killed its human hosts and be able to reverse the damage. Westra's giving me space at the moment, but I'm not sure how long that will last. Her sanity, and in turn, her humanity is slipping. I'm afraid of what means she may turn towards in the coming days.  
Day 405  
Shortly after my last entry, I found a cat that had recently died from the disease and promptly started my experiments, with the aid of a _gentle repose_, of course. After a couple of months, I was able to reverse a considerable amount of damage to the point where I even got her tail to twitch. Soon I should be able to stabilize the spell and turn to human testing.  
Day 424  
I'm surprised how quickly I was able to stabilize the ritual on animals. I even tried it on a bird and was able to stabilize the ritual there, too. I'm ready to start human trials. Which is good, because today I made the mistake of telling Westra that I have a working, albeit unstable on humans, prototype. Her eyes lit up like low flames being fed after almost going out. She's now pressuring me to use it, but I was able to convince her that the chance of critical failure is still too high, so she allows me to continue, for now. The children continue to pass from this, so I should have plenty of test subjects. I can't wait for this nightmare to be over.  
Day 467  
She's really putting the pressure on me to finish the ritual. She even threatened to turn me into the Concordat! It's only been a month since I even found a way to partially stabilize the prototype! I'm able to bring back the animals, but they're mostly easy. Humans are much more complex. I've been able to stabilize the ritual only so much as to not eviscerate most the bodies, but no successful resurrections as of yet, and some of the bodies still get destroyed.  
Day 474  
We're doing it tonight. She stopped by this evening to show me papers indicating that she'd turn me in. Everything is in an exact way where she takes no blame for housing me. Luckily, I was able to stabilize the prototype further so the chance of failure is less. We'll start around an hour past midnight. Wish me luck.