###### As played by Tiffany Tachuk
Elf sage druid of Oracles
A horrible rain storm covered the village in the middle of the night.  All of a sudden the rain stopped and in that moment of silence, Caelynn was born. As she grew older she would prove to be extremely frustrating to raise. She never listened to authority, but only because she was so curious about the world around her. She would be found wandering the forest and looking through old manuscripts instead of attending classes or learning a trade. It was impossible for her to focus on anything she didn't choose to. Roughly around the age of maturity, her only confidant, Himo, the only person she would actually listen to, died and left her a letter. In the letter Himo stated "In the depths of the farthest place you can't reach, you will find what you're looking for. Ultimate knowledge. Dig deep and go." Caelynn immediately left her village and never looked back.  She spent the next 100 years searching for the farthest place she could get to and trying to decipher her colleague's riddle. However, she constantly found herself distracted by the next quest of knowledge.
<span style="color:green">You see what looks like a fine spider silk floating through the air. But something is different about this. It looks almost... intangible. You reach forward with a flourish in your wrist and the words "and eggs, can't forget the eggs" comes to your mind. But this thought wasn't yours. It didn't originate from you. Is this what he was talking about? The farthest place I can't reach?</span> 
<span style="color:green">Is Himo still alive? Did he fake his death for some reason?</span>
<span style="color:green">Can finally read the thoughts attached to the letter. What was Himo thinking when he wrote the letter?</span>
<span style="color:green">Do absorbed thoughts go away? Can they be re-accessed at higher levels?</span> 